{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Cycle 1\
I can\'92t remember if I always hated grocery stores..\
Funny, I can\'92t remember when or what I ate last time..\
Uh..this is torture.\
Is this Brian over there? [Brian] \'97 Yumi? Hi! It\'92s been a while!How\'85\
ok\'85I can just pretend I\'92m listening to the music and don\'92t hear him.\
I think it worked\'85\
\
Cycle 2\
Brian was my friend\'85it was ages ago\
We used to build tree houses and steal beers from grocery stores\
All of this happened in another life in different universe\
Why bother to remember.. [Bryan] \'97 Yumi! this is Brian! Hey! Hey!\
Bye Brian, I don\'92t want to talk\
I want to be alone. \
\
Cycle 3\
I often think about all possible ways the person can die in grocery store\
Fire. Armed robbery. Slip and fall. \
Breaking the bottle and slit the wrists.\
Hey Brian, fuck you. [Brian] \'97 Yumi! I know that you recognize me! Are you ok??\
No, I don\'92t recognize you\
I don\'92t recognize myself. \
\
Cycle 4\
I am dying in the grocery store.\
I am burning. I was shot. I slipped and fell.\
I broke the bottle and slit the wrists. \
[Brian] Yumi, stop avoiding me! Where are you going?\
I\'92m not sure.\
[Brian] Whatever it is,I\'92ll go with you. Let\'92s grab a beer together!\
\
\
\
\
\
}